Okay. So let's go ahead and check out the classroom now,
and check out the segmenting plane with PCL.
Here, they'll have a lot of details for actually how the function works.
So the arguments as using and also the return type that it will be outputting.
What's really nice to check out here is some documentation from PCL website,
which is looking at doing segmentation.
Here we have this tabletop,
and we're actually using segmentation to figure out
planes that belong to the top of the table and the floor.
So this code will actually be really relevant and helpful for doing
this exercise here where we're actually
defining some PCL functions to do our segmentation.
In particular, if we check out 38 and 39,
we can see that we're creating these inliers,
and then later on we're actually generating these inliers over here.
So the main thing that's doing this is a seg object here.
So looking at line 41,
this seg object is created and then basically,
you just go through and you say, "Hey,
I want to be looking for a plane model.
I want to be doing RANSAC on it,
Random Sample Consensus," and then you're
setting your max iterations and distance threshold.
That's going to actually set up your seg,
and then you can give it an input Cloud.
So that's the last PCD file that we generate when we're doing the lidar scan.
Then we can actually pass it in the inliers.
This will be passing as a reference,
and that will now tell us a list of the indices from that point
Cloud that belong to the plane and will
later use this information to separate that point Cloud.
We know all the indices that belonged to the plane.
We can just go through that Cloud and then separate them out,
creating two new point Clouds,
the one that's the plane and the one that's going to
be everything else which is our obstacles,
the cars on the simulation highway environment.
So this documentation in particular is going to be really helpful for doing
this next exercise where you will be filling in this function.
So in processPointClouds.cpp, check out this function for segment plane.
So segment plane basically,
you'll go through and you're going to do something very similar to
that PCL documentation where you create
this seg object and you fill it in with the appropriate parameters,
and then it will be generating these inliers that later,
in the next exercise,
we'll be using to separate the point Cloud.
What this function is going to return at the end is actually this STD pair,
and here we're actually storing a pair of point Clouds.
This will make it easy to access and
render both these point Clouds later on in environment.cpp.